Software Engineer (February 2006 - February 2024)
Customer Care Inc. (CCI), San Ramon, CA

Summary: Worked on multiple projects for our client AT&T, which included developing and maintaining web and real-time streaming applications for Call Center, WiFi Services, U-verse, STEM and others.

Project: GIN - next-generation network management and analytics platform (January 2020 - February 2024)
Contributed to the development and design of this next-generation network management and analytics platform utilizing technologies such as Golang, Java, JavaScript, TypeScript, React JS, Docker, Kubernetes, AWS, Dgraph, Kiali, TOSCA, etc.
Researched and analyzed various technologies required for the application.
Enhanced UI with additional dashboards, integrated Single Sign-On authentication and added role-based access control to the various components.

Project: Foxstream Real-time Application (April 2015 -June 2023)
Developed and enhanced this real-time streaming application using Java, Spring Boot, Kafka, Zookeeper, Ambari, Postgres, Python, Grafana, RHEL, etc.
Managed and supported 550 production AT&T servers and performed troubleshooting for complex issues, ensuring uninterrupted service.
Led the upgrade and deployment of newer versions of critical services and software in the production environment.

Project: Adaptive Call Router Web Application (February 2006 - December 2022)
Developed and maintained this web-based application for AT&T's call center routing technology, utilizing Java, Spring Framework, Hibernate, Oracle, Struts, Stripes, Ext JS, Wildfly, Tomcat, HTML, CSS, and other technologies.
Conducted requirement analysis, designed and implemented features,  provided user training and support and mentored and led a small team of coworkers.



System Analyst (March 1996 - March 2001)
Tata Consultancy Services, India		

Summary: Engaged as a System Analyst for various clients including GE Capital Finance, Amalgamated Bank of South Africa, Credit Suisse Private Banking, and Prudential Insurance.
